While the flavors were okay the sodas did not have enough carbonation. Reminded me of soda that had been sitting open for a while.
This stuff tastes BEYOND weird. It's plant based so I guess I shouldn't be surprised. It's kind of sweet but also kind of disgusting. It freaks out my taste buds. I can stand to drink them since I bought them but I definitely won't be buying any more. Way too expensive for how they taste. Nice and healthy though apparently!
I tried the sample pack...I really like some - Lemon and Ginger and Grape.  Others not so much...basic cola and Root Beer...had an unpleasant taste.
I usually love Olipops but they arrived over a month late & we’re really flat. Not sure if they sat in the sun or were old. Probably not the case all the time but for the price I won’t chance it again especially since there’s no returns.
I really enjoyed the orange, lemon and strawberry flavor but you’re better off sticking to flavored sparkling water for your “soda” if you miss that carbonated taste. If you’re actually here for the added digestive health benefits, then sure why not.
These drinks are ok. they're not as good as the competitive brand and more expensive.
It's looks like I received at least a couple of different batches of these drinks. Several have blackened bottoms like they were exposed to heat. The box arrived damaged, and so we're some of the cans. I'm not even sure if the cans with blackened bottoms are still good to drink
This “soda” is so delicious and I was excited to get the variety pack to try some varieties I can’t get locally. This stuff isn’t cheap and I only received 11 cans when it should be a 12 pack. A lot of the cans were dented as well but the beverage was still drinkable. Major bummer this item isn’t returnable or anything. I did contact Amazon and they gave me a few bucks of a credit for the missing can and dented cans but won’t order on here again.
its not like soda lol
I have ordered this product from the manufacturer and I like the product, but Amazon delivered it damaged
The only one that isn’t so bad is the orange squeeze and root beer. The rest of them are truly awful.
These taste really good as an alternative to soda, better then zevia in my opinion, however the fiber was too much for me and they caused my tummy distress every time I drank them, I do have a very sensitive stomach tho.
Package arrived but apparently one soda burst open, the can was empty but the soda was all over the other cans and on inside of box. Another can also burst and had only half of soda left in it.  These are quite expensive to have one or more lost during shipping. Disappointed.
The drinks have almost zero carbonation. In fact, it shouldn’t be advertised as a soda at all. They’re more like juices than anything. Flavors a decent. However, the lack of fizz is incredibly disappointing. After a couple sips we can’t finish any of these drinks. I appreciate the attempt at a healthy soda, but you have to at least put soda in there. For the price, not worth it. I’d rather just have water or a juice than these cans of flavor syrup.
I want to love these sodas but the constant stomach gas problems it gave me was too much to handle. To be fair I should have read the labels more carefully and seen the prebiotic description. This causes me to be very gassy which I do not enjoy. Other than that detail... the flavors are very good and the soda itself is very refreshing but also pricey.
Every single can arrived heavily damaged.
I just got my order and the 6 flavor sampler only came with 2 flavors. The whole reason we got the sampler is so we could explore to see what flavors we liked. It came with the Vintage Cola and Rootbeer. Disappointed, but still excited to taste them.
We didn’t like the flavors unfortunately. We still have cans that are just sitting. We will likely give them away.  We prefer the taste of Poppi better.
Have only tried the cola one so far. A terrible after-taste that lasts for hours. Can’t recommend because of that alone.
I ordered the sampler with the different flavors. The package I got only has Vintage Cola in it. It tastes great but it’s NOT what I ordered unfortunately.
Always sad to see something claim to be good for your gut, only to have stevia in it. A NOTORIOUS gut irritant. False advertisement. Do not recommend if trying to heal your gut.
Favor was not very good.
Typically the order is exactly what is pictured, but not this time. There were no Cherry Vanillas, 3 Lemon Gingers, a random Grape (and the can had something sticky all over it). I'm switching to ordering directly from the company so I can be more confident in what will show up. As far as the product goes, I enjoy them (obviously since I will continue to order the product from the company).
I tried the orange soda from the grocery store and liked it, so decided to order the variety pack. Unfortunately it turns out I literally only like the orange flavor, the rest taste gross to me. And although it’s advertised it’ll come with the orange soda, they replaced it with grape, which is the worst of them all. The lemon ginger isn’t too bad. Overall, I don’t think these are worth the price at all and I’m upset I wasted so much money.
Most of the soda was bad taste like if they had thrown the essence or smell of the drink in your mouth with seltzer water, only ok ones are the colored cans but only are ok as drinkable
They shipped the sample pack to me and I was expecting root beer to be a part of that pack but instead I got two more Vintage Cola. I tired the Cherry Vanilla and it tasted like medicine. Do not buy if you're expecting it to taste like soda.
This was the biggest waste of $$$ I have spent on Amazon in years.  I probably place 200+ orders a year on amazon and return 1-2 things.  Unfortunately this is not eligible for a return or refund.  I would give it away but I would feel bad for whoever I gave it to.  Straight to the trash.  Nobody in my family could get this down without spitting it in the sink.
Love the taste and lower sugar content so much that I have enjoyed  a variety of Olipop flavors on numerous occasions  over a five month period . Sadly I have come to the conclusion it gives me a significantly headache. No idea why. I even experimented with drinking it when already hydrated to see if that helped but no luck.
In my quest to find soda alternatives, this is the worst. I tried all the flavors and do appreciate all the varieties being available in one pack. That was the best and the ONLY best thing about this purchase. I bought it after watching videos on some social media platforms, and the videos, for me, compared the taste to soda which I feel is inappropriate because it's NOT a soda, it's a tonic WATER. As such it should be compared to LaCroix, or Bubly, or IZZE and honestly, the IZZE sparkling apple is the only winner I've liked so far, in this water-almost soda wannabe categories. Just disappointed, the only one I could really "get through" was the Root Beer, but the Cola is terrible. Just say what you are, a flavored water with seltzer-like bubbles, rather than in your (false) advertising compare yourself to something you will never be, almost fooling people into purchasing. Gross. Just saying.
I bought as it was reviewed positively on the Today show! Worst taste I ever had. I sipped each flavor and poured down the drain. But some may like it just not me.
These sodas are okay, I though the flavor was a little too sweet. Not bad just not as good as I hoped it would be. I eat a lot of natural foods, and not a lot of soda but sometimes you want the bubbles 😄 but these did not live up to the hype for my taste.
I only tasted a few flavors of the 12 pack that I ordered, 2 of six flavors.  I'm all about ditching sugar, hence the reason I wanted to try these. One of the sweetener ingredients is Stevia, which I use all the time. I thought the taste was very artificial.  My kids thought some were ok but did not like them. Fake flavors with an aftertaste.  Will not purchase again.
Love this product don’t like the idea when you get damaged product it can’t be replaced. Paid $39 and can’t get the damage ones replaced. Will not be reordering these again.
I only received 9 cans of the 12 pack. They were boxed without any packing material so the cans were all dented. The taste is meh. I’ve heard such good things, but unless you like the taste of stevia these are not for you. Greta concept, not such a good product.
The only thing appealing about this product is the can. These are honestly the worst and taste nothing like the flavor on the outside. Poppi is a much better prebiotic soda. Do not waste your money.
The cost of the product versus the taste just doesn’t add to me. Some of the flavor profiles are below average. The one with “vanilla” really need more vanilla it almost lost in the taste.
It's something you don't want in a soft drink. Unfortunately, it has nice flavor, but with the aftertaste.
I've been on a journey to reduce my carbohydrate intake over the past year, and that includes sugar drinks (there's nothing quite like a Sprite with a splash of strawberry lemonade added in).  Since every podcast on the planet is advertising this, I thought that I'd give it a shot.Well, every single flavor tastes horrible.  Part of it is probably whatever weird ingredients are in there, but part of it might be the weird combination that every flavor seems to be: Orange *Cream* instead of just Orange; Strawberry *Vanilla* instead of just Strawberry.  Every single one was the worst thing that I've ever had, and yet that title would be stolen by the next one that I tried.  I'll stick with Bubly Lime sparkling water for now.If the thought of drinking fake-sugar melted ice cream sounds appealing to you, give these a whirl.  Like I said, I come from a normal American sugar-drink background, so these were just not for me.
I love olipop but the Amazon seller shipped them is a reused bow and the bottom of the cans had a dark tint on them.
Product is great but heed the other warnings and do not order from this seller unless you like dented, discolored cans. Will be placing future orders directly with Olipop.
Root beer is fairly good but the Coke and Cherry Vanilla are absolutely disgusting. OMG gross. So glad I ordered a sample pack and quickly cancelled my auto ship. Ugh disappointed and wish I could get a refund.
Tastes like flat stevia soda. So bad I actually dumped most cans out. At like $3/can- huge waste of money.
It’s the stevia. It’s unfortunately just so overpowering that the rest of the flavors are the undertone, every flavor tasted so similarly. I can tell there’s a decent beverage somewhere under that taste but I can’t handle it. If you enjoy stevia then you might really like this, if you don’t enjoy that particular flavor you’ll hate it. I think I’d prefer it to have no sugar at all than the strong stevia taste.
All 6 flavors have a funky after taste.  Not crazy about that!
I haven’t tried them yet, but while removing from the box, one can popped open, shooting the drink everywhere.  Wouldn’t be big deal, but these are a bit expensive.  I would hesitate to purchase again in anticipation of another event.
Olipop is delicious and worth the price. But it needs to be kept cold. It says right in the can and on the packaging that it should be stored refrigerated which Amazon does not do so the nutritional benefits are lost.
Out of the 6 flavors there are only 3 that are drinkable: orange, strawberry vanilla and rootbeer. They are good but watch out for the probiotics..they are good laxatives. The other 3 flavors cola, lemon, and cherry were nasty! I will end up throwing those 3 out. I gave them 3 stars because they are way overpriced. My local grocery store sells for 2.50 and these were 3.33 with tax.
Love the product. However every single can arrived dented or damaged.
I ordered them hoping they would taste good but non of the flavor do.
Overall taste was not satisfying and left me very thirsty afterwards for water.  The flavors not pleasant to mypallet thought it would be more flavorful with the names of the flavors but the fell flat. I didn’t really see any health benefits to justify the price in comparison to other seltzer waters other than the higher price. Glad I tried it at-least.
Taste AMAZING but make me fart.
Love olipop but Sodas came damaged also looked like they were about to explode and we’re all sticky. Which is really annoying because they are expensive.
Flavors were good, but too expensive.
I ordered the variety pack. They came in a Root Beer only packaging that was clearly reused and taped up by an individual. When I looked inside I could see there was a variety of flavors, despite the package it arrived in. The cans were dented and damaged. When I tried to process a return, this was marked as an item that is not eligible for return.
This is not a go to if you are trying to switch from soda. It was awful.
This is more like a tonic than a pop
CCCCC-----
I have gone through several flavors now and the only one that was actually carbonated at all was the cherry vanilla. The others were totally flat so it was like drinking flavored syrup water. Not good.
The product I received had great flavor. I just didn't get what i ordered.
Was not a fan of these.  I really wanted to like this, I love kombucha and was hoping for a less sugary alternative to the probiotics.  I've seen several influencers talk about how good these are and took the plunge.  Every time I open a new flavor I take a sip and then toss it down the drain.  I can't even take another drink.  I do not enjoy any of the flavors and am so bummed.
Bought as a gift. Only realized that these items are not eligible for return and were ordered after the expiration date printed on the package.
Not all of the cans were carbonated. Pretty disappointing.
I want a refund. I opened my box today and it has mold inside it and almost every can is busted and leaking. It came in two boxes that didn’t look damaged so I believe these cans were like this going into the box. I want a refund or id like another package shipped to me.
These seemed to be flat. I’ve bought these from the stores and had more fizz. Love these but won’t buy them fork Amazon again.
I can taste the stevia - not a fan. It was a good idea to try to balance it with some cane sugar but doesn’t mask it.
I did not receive the flavors pictured in the photos, and received excess of one or more flavors. Not a true sampler and wasted money on flavors I did not want/ order.
Horrible the after taste is disgusting
I love the taste of this product. It's pricey - no matter who you purchase from, compared to regular soda. But since it's healthier, it's gonna cost more. I was disappointed that my package arrived damaged - as well as several cans inside the box. I've read other reviews that share this experience, but also others have purchased directly from Olipop and it was packaged more carefully and therefore arrived undamaged, so that's probably the way to go. Or else find the product in stores, if you can. Overall, great product, but NOT impressed with this seller.
I was really looking forward to this. Bought a 12-pack. Cannot drink it. I use Stevia myself, but this tastes like Tastes like artificial sweetener so much I could not finish one can.
I get these from a local store and they are fabulous. I thought I would try ordering from Amazon and it was a mistake I won’t make again. Listed on the can it says “store refrigerated”. So when my cans arrived warm I was concerned and I was right to be....flat and disgusting. Don’t waste your money! I’m also disappointed there’s a no return policy.
This pack did not contain 6 flavors it was missing orange. All of the cans were scratched up or damaged. Unfortunately this item isn’t eligible for return.
The box was pretty beat up and two of the cans were broken and empty. Disappointed, I wanted to try all the flavors in the variety pack.
These are good and fun to try but definitely not worth $40!!!
The soda is overly sweet with bad after taste.0he value for money is zero
This product just didn't do it for me. I admit to being a little picky. But I love most alternative soda products and was really excited to try the 'cola' flavor. But this was not it. My husband, who isn't picky couldn't even finish the Root Beer flavor, but he did make it through the rest. We drink kombucha regularly, but with Olipop there's this chemically taste that's just so bitter and pungent. I would not recommend for the price.
Purchased the variety pack- supposed to be 2 cans of 6 flavors. Didn't receive any of the orange flavors and only one vintage cola. Extremely disappointed and am unable to request a refund.
The flavors are awful
There seems to be a distinct taste shared by all flavor. Liked orange one the best.
Upon opening the box I discovered that a few of the sodas must have exploded….mold all over the inside of the box.  Had to throw everything out.
So far I've opened 3 of the cans of soda and there was no gas in any of them. Also most cans were dented, so I'm assuming storage was an issue. Will not purchase from seller again. This is a non returnable item so buyer beware.
Product tastes great, but delivery was horrible. I had to throw away about half of the cans because they were flat and others had exploded in the box….such a mess and waste of money.
It was shipped in the soda box which was damaged in shipping and 3 cans were missing.  The ones I tasted so far are not very good and they are expensive.
We love olipop but these arrived flat like they had been sitting in a warehouse for a while! We can't even drink them.
Love the product when I’ve had it.  But this came completely destroyed. It appears the cans were thrown into an envelope. Nearly every cab was damaged and at least one was punctured resulting in liquid everywhere.
I didn't like the taste or the  effect it had on my stomach.
Gross
Ordered them for a party —- what a waste. Disappointed that they are so expensive for the this… 😣
The taste is awful and I unknowingly served it to dinner guests. Some didn’t even finish it. Opted for water
Only received two flavors, not the variety that was advertised.
Expensive product to come damaged,  sticky and half empty everytime  and no refund policy. Very disappointed in this company.
No one in my family liked any of the flavors. We received two of each flavor. We did not drink even one full can of any of the flavors because of the taste. We tossed the other full cans.
2 of the cans had ruptured, box showed that immediately, and all of the other cans were completely dented and bloated. Don’t even want to touch those. Tried to return, not eligible. Think twice about purchasing these!
I’m disappointed in the shape ALL the cans are in. I can’t drink these damaged cans. Very disappointed
Very bad taste and smell was overwhelming in some of the cans. Do Not Buy!
I HATE ROOT BEER AND THATS ALL YOU SENT AND YOU WON'T ALLOW RETURNS?  THAT IS BS!
Dreadful Doesn’t Begin to Describe It.  This is herbal effluent, doomed to never be repeated.  Don’t be foolish or curious and buy this dreck.
The ones I received did not taste good at all
It may be healthy but it taste terrible
The product was delivered damaged. I’m having a hard time trying to get a refund or replacement. 4 of the 12 have exploded and the rest are pretty banged up.
All cans were delivered banged up.  All were flat. No fizz. Taste may have been affected. So it is basically a waste of money. Would never purchase.
The product itself is good . It is pricey but good as for the seller I am beyond disappointed .
Not much more to add they aren’t worth the hype.
The cans came damage and the drink tasted like they had gone bad.
Taste terrible !!!!  Cost approximately $3.33 per can.Not for me and my family.
Not worth buying at all. Taste is a 1/10. Good idea but poor execution
Too expensive,  flavor not that good. Leaves you feeling.gassy. 🤮
I did not like the flavor of any of the sodas.

Every can arrived crushed. Every can.
I love this product!!! But EVERY CAN was damaged!!!!!
This is not for me .tried all 6 flavors
Left a bad taste in mouth and the delivery was bad
These all arrived completely flat which made them pretty much undrinkable.
This has a lot of prebiotic fiber.I am prone to gastric Cardia syndrome, and this soda is my nemesis. Taste, so great, but whenever I drink it, I get extremely bloated due to the cost of a fiber and the other ingredients. They even have a disclaimer on their website. I am such a glutton for punishment because I had one tonight and had heart palpitations later because of the bloating.
It's gross
No, just no.
No carbonation
🤢 horrible taste!!
I actually liked the taste of this prebiotic soda but each time I drank one (one per day) I experienced very uncomfortable gas pains and cramping. Ironic since it is supposedly good for gut health. Won’t be drinking again.
This soda is one of the better Stevia sweetened sodas I have tried. Like other reviewer‘s, I tend not to like Stevia, so I gave the flavor rating a 4 because I do think the flavor of the soda is good. I have tried several flavors. I first found these at Sam’s club and thought they were over priced at about $10 for 6 cans. I purchased several flavors in San Francisco individually at about $2.50 each. The Amazon price and the price on the company website is $36 for a 12 pack. I do not believe they are worth close to $3 per can, Particularly when bought in the largest size!quantity available. I wouldn’t recommend buying these based on that alone.
Second Edit: Olipop has changed their shipping methods to no longer include insulation or ice packs anymore, similar to this seller. However, they still protect the cans in shipping so they aren't dented upon arrival and they supposedly time their shipping so the product is in transit for the least amount of time possible. All that said, still purchase directly from Olipop rather than Amazon sellers. You can find promo codes online to make it more affordable and likely beat any deals you find on Amazon.EDIT: Changing my rating from 5 stars to 1 star due to the seller, not the product. I just received my order from this seller today. The packaging was absolutely terrible on both the 12 can case and the 6 can order. To be clear, this is a prebiotic (not probiotic) drink and therefore should remain REFRIGERATED, meaning they should have ice packs and insulation in the shipping containers. Instead, the cans were individually wrapped in Ziploc bags and put into a FedEx box without cushioning, insulation, or care of any kind in one box and only given a top layer of bubble wrap in another. All the cans are dented, as to be expected given how they were shipped. It's been cold this week, so I'm hoping that means they are fine to drink despite not being refridgerated for at least the past week while they shipped (choosing to hope and believe they were refrigerated prior to shipping). I'm annoyed to say the least. I've bought from Olipop directly in the past and their packaging was very careful and clear about keeping the contents cool, with proper protection and insulation in place. I've learned my lesson. Buy from Olipop directly!Original post:They're not cheap, for sure, but they're so delicious and good for your gut! I stopped drinking soda almost twenty years ago with very rare exceptions, so while I see the reviews saying they taste flat, I think they taste perfect. Fizzy without being overwhelming and a nostalgic soda taste. And I love knowing they have prebiotics, so I'm doing my gut a favor by having one. Totally worth it in my book. Plus, they're low calorie! Root beer and vintage cola are my favorites, but they're all fantastic.
I guess people have a crap load of money to buy this over price drink. It's not worth it people.
These "sodas" are expensive and taste horrible. I truly don't know how anyone could drink them.
My taste buds liked all the flavors but 2 of them, not so much.  Orange Cream not so much and the Ginger flavor was ok, but not outstanding. Best tasting for me was Root Beer and the Cola ...  My experience with Olipop directly was not good and their response to my inquiries about a missing shipment has never been resolved and yet I have not received a refund and I get the same prepared email response each time. With Amazon of course you can deal directly and get satisfaction. My advice ... if you want Olipop go with Amazon.
All the hype and it’s terrible. I got these for a afternoon pick me up to give up coffee but they are so sweet and taste terrible. Can’t imagine they are actually good for anyone.  Will not buy again
Great flavor, and I love drinking it. However, I get very bad diarrhea if I drink more than a few sips of this. I’ve tried drinking them 4 times so far and every time I end up with an upset stomach, gas, and diarrhea. I’m not sure if I just received a spoiled box or if I’m sensitive to the ingredients used, but it’s a real bummer!
This is the worst beverage I have ever tasted.  I am extremely angry at the company for tricking me into putting this in my mouth.Why would you do that?I am not a picky eater and enjoy food and beverages from all over the world.  I have never tasted anything this bad.  Please stop.
Absolutely disgusting!!! The ONLY one worth trying is the Banana Cream. Don't waste your time or money on the rest.
Vanilla strawberry not good taste gross
So gross.  Why not just drink water and take probiotics separately?I couldn't even finish the can.
I wanted to see what the hype was about. I had to dump each and every flavor it was so disgusting. Such a fake sweet taste!
Expensive, found out that root beer is the best and I would give it 5 stars, you need to try them all.
Tastes horrible. Flat. Not worth the "benefits"
